=head1 NAME

lazyscan-scripts

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A collection of scripts that help my workflow when scanning documents for
archival.

I call it lazy because I aim to do as little up-front work organising
the documents as possible without regretting it later.

To this end, I try to get 2-sided scans right at scan time, but other than that
they won't be much more organised than when they were a stack 
of semi-organised to completely disorganised sheets of paper.

I scan each page to a separate .pnm file in an 'inbox' directory,
so I can organise the pages by document or topic at a later date.

Written mostly in Perl so far.

There's a GUI C<tklazyscan> who can pass the colour depth options
and ADF.  However it doesn't yet provide the options required to do
duplex ADF scanning, change resolutions etc.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=head2 Debian

Debian commands for dependencies:

    # apt-get install libexporter-easy-perl perl-doc libnumber-range-perl liblocal-lib-perl liblockfile-simple-perl libfailures-perl
    # apt-get install parallel imagemagick

There's also a very primitive GUI for the most basic use cases, which needs:

    # apt-get install uxterm perl-tk

There may be some more I forgot to list - if they trip you up
please submit a pull request to add them.


=head2 Fedora

    # sudo dnf install sane-backends mageMagick
    # sudo dnf install perl-App-cpanminus perl-local-lib perl-List-MoreUtils perl-LockFile-Simple perl-autodie perl-Try-Tiny 'perl(File::Slurp)' 'perl(failures)'
    # sudo dnf install xterm perl-Tk    # for the GUI
    # cd scripts
    # cpanm -l support Exporter::Easy Number::Range failures

=head2 Rakudo

You also need rakudo for mkindex script.  Install the latest rakudo-star from source code

L<http://rakudo.org/how-to-get-rakudo/#Installing-Rakudo-Star-Source>

=head1 NOTES TO SELF

I might find these useful for doing drag-and-drop document organisation tools:

  http://perl.com/pub/2001/12/11/perltk.html
  http://www.perlmonks.org/?node_id=269065

=head1 USEFUL ONE-LINERS

These may end up in scripts eventually.

=head2 Get list of indexed batch ranges

    cat inbox/batch_index.txt | perl -Mv5.10 -nae ' say $F[0] unless /^#/ '

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2016, Nicholas Booker C<< <nmb@nickbooker.uk> >>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=cut
